Experiment AP\AP0 : Affective Priming
************Briefing:

Welcome to the Perception and Cognition Lab, my name is [name]. Before
we start our experiment, I am going to give you some brief
instructions about what to do. If you have any questions,
please feel free to ask me at any time.

We are investigating how emotion can be represented by characters in a
written language. In the Chinese language, for instance, positive
ideas (such as "love") and negative ideas (such as "hate") are
represented by characters such as the one printed here [point to
printed ideograph]. We want to know whether negative characters look
more negative, and vice versa, even to people who don't read
Chinese. 

In order to investigate this question, we are going to show you
Chinese characters, and we'd like you to tell us how much you like
that character, on a scale from 1 to 5. 1 means the character is very
unlikeable, and 5 means the character is very likeable. The keyboard
will be labeled appropriately.

On each trial, you'll see a sequence of screens like what I've drawn
here. First, you'll see a fixation. Focus your eyes and attention here
at the begining of a trial. Then, the screen will flash, and a Chinese
character will appear. You may then rate the character. Please try to
use the full range 1-5 for your responses. After you rate
the character, the next trial will begin. 

The experiment is short, and will last only a few minutes. When you
are done, please return to this room. Do you have any questions?

***********Debriefing
In this experiment, you rated the likeability of Chinese
characters. In the briefing, we told you that we were interested in
the likeability ratings to see if "negative" ideas in Chinese are
represented by more negatively perceived characters. 

You may have noticed that before each Chinese character, there was a brief
flash. In that brief flash, we actually presented a very fast picture
of a face. Sometimes, that face was scowling, and sometimes it was
happy. Our main question of interest was not actually in how the
meaning of the Chinese character is related to your judgment; in
reality, we are interested in whether the emotional faces affect your
likeability ratings.

Previous research has found that presenting emotionally charged
stimuli prior to a judgment can affect that judgment. For instance,
scowling faces can make Chinese characters seem less likeable, while
happy faces can make Chinese characters seem more likeable. This can
even occur when the faces are presented so fast that you can not
consciously tell the difference between scowling and happy faces. This
is called a subliminal affective priming effect, because the face
primes your likeability judgment. We are attempting to replicate these
previous findings.

If you have any questions about the experiment, I'd be happy to answer
them now. 
