Experiment: wm/luck2/
Executable: luck2

Make sure the keyboard masks are in the rooms and marked with same/change. Please 
read these instructions verbatim, so that every subject gets the same instructions.

Briefing:

The experiment you will be involved in today is a memory
experiment. We want to test how good your memory is for colored
squares. In each trial of the experiment, you will see a sequance of displays of
colored squares. It is your task to remember these colored squares.

[draw display with fixation, squares, blank, mask, and cue square]

The first thing you'll see on a trial is a "fixation cross". This
tells you where to look at the beginning of the trial. Then, you'll
see a set of 2, 5, or 8 squares.  Your job is to remember these
squares.  The display will go blank, then multicolored squares will
appear. Ignore these multicolored squares. The final display on a
trial is a single square. This square will either be the same color or
a different color as the square in that location in the first array.
If the square is the same (press 'z'); if different (press
'/').

[draw display with fixation, squares, blank, mask, and cue square]

The computer will tell you if you are right or wrong
with a pair of rising beeps if you are correct, and a low beep if 
you are wrong.

[demonstrate pie chart]

The experiment is divided into blocks. In each block, there will be a
different proportion of change and different trials. At the beginning
of each block, you will see a pie chart which tells you what the
proportion is, and you'll be reminded before each trial.

At the beginning of the experiment, there will be several practice
trials so that you can get the hang of the task. During the practice, 
please ask if you have any questions about the task.

Do you have any questions that I can answer now?


Debriefing:
In the memory experiment you just participated in, you were asked to
remember arrays of colored squares we are interested in estimating
memory capacity using this task. For instance, imaging you have a
fixed capacity in your working memory, which you use to remember the
squares. The chance that you'll retain the square that changed, if any
changed, is your capacity divided my the number of squares. We can use
this fact to estimate capacity. 

We are also interested in how the probability of change manipulation
affects the estimated capacity. If capacity is truly fixed, it should
not affect capacity. If the manipulation does affect our estimates of
capacity, we know that something about our model of memory is not
correct.

Any questions?
